180 Store Video Asset On IPFS (#189)
livepeer/livepeer-studio-docs: docs/04-guides/on-demand/store-video-asset-on-ipfs/_tabs.mdx

import TabbedPages from "@site/src/components/TabbedPages";

<head>
  <title>Store Video Asset on IPFS | Livepeer Studio Docs</title>
  <meta
    property="og:title"
    content="Store Video Asset on IPFS | Livepeer Studio Docs"
  />
</head>

# Store Video Asset on IPFS

This guide provides you the instructions to store a video asset on IPFS from the [Livepeer Studio Dashboard](./dashboard) 

> or through the [Livepeer API](./api). You should be familiar with [Assets](/reference/api/get-assets)

Reviewer: https://github.com/livepeer/livepeer-studio-docs/pull/186#discussion_r961934196

import TabbedPages from "@site/src/components/TabbedPages";

<head>
  <title>Store Video Asset on IPFS | Livepeer Studio Docs</title>
  <meta
    property="og:title"
    content="Store Video Asset on IPFS | Livepeer Studio Docs"
  />
</head>

# Store Video Asset on IPFS

This guide provides you the instructions to store a video asset on IPFS from the [Livepeer Studio Dashboard](./dashboard) 

> or through the [Livepeer API](./api).

Reviewer 2: I had a hard time finding the API guide, it didn't show up on the side bar for me nor did I see this first line discretely mentioning the existence of it. I personally mostly skip these intro sections unless there's something calling my attention like a "box", tabbed display, or something like that. I believe this might be the case for other users as well, especially since we have a couple of boilerplate in the beginning of most guides now, like technical preparation etc which is mostly skippable.

So could we make these alternate guides more evident somehow? If it's hard to add some different UI component in the docs, could be just making it an enumeration, or giving it bigger letters with `###` or something like that 🤔

> This guide provides you the instructions to store a video asset on IPFS from the [Livepeer Studio Dashboard](./dashboard) 
> or through the [Livepeer API](./api).
> 
> ## Technical Preparation
> 
> Before getting started, you will need to meet the following dependencies for 
> working with the On Demand feature:
> 
> - [A Livepeer Studio account](https://livepeer.studio/login)
> - Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
> - Access to the [API Reference](https://docs.livepeer.studio/references)
> - An [API Key](https://docs.livepeer.studio/guides/livestreaming/api-key) to call the VOD API
>     - Note: Calling the API from the frontend requires an API key with CORS access allowed
> 
> Throughout this guide you'll see a few terms mentioned multiple times, asset and task:
> - **Asset**: an object that represents a file
> - **Task**: an action taken on the file

Reviewer 2: I had a hard time finding the API guide/tabs. I personally skip most of these intro sections unless there's something calling my attention like a "box"/notice or something like that. Here we have a lot of text that occupies half of the screen and then my mind just skipped to the `# Step 1` which was the most evident thing.  We could make those step headers smaller as well so they don't call the attention so much.

WDYT of removing this whole `Technical Preparation` section to be more straightforward? Can probably sum everything up in 1 short paragraph with a couple of links to other docs. e.g.
```suggestion
This guide provides you the instructions to store a video asset on IPFS from the [Livepeer Studio Dashboard](./dashboard) 
or through the [Livepeer API](./api). You should be familiar with [Assets](/reference/api/get-assets)
and [Tasks](/reference/api/get-tasks) and have a [Livepeer dev environment setup](/quickstart/)
```

(Later we should have specific docs explaining what are assets and tasks, just like we had for streams previously (tho I can't find it on the new docs)).

Author: Great points! I agree that the intro part is too long, will add your suggestion

> - **Asset**: an object that represents a file
> - **Task**: an action taken on the file

Reviewer 2: If you keep the asset/task short description here, can rephrase:
```suggestion
- **Asset**: an object that represents a file
- **Task**: a long-running process performed on an asset
```
WDYT?
